play 3 releases starting from 60
real and from 4 to 80 reais and so on
youtube guys beauty that I am
bringing you another video
and this time we'll be meeting
a process that the game takes to him
to get it to be distributed by the
extinct
every game before entering the sim
must pass through the steam xingu light in
light is a system that recruits help from
community to choose some games
that will be released on Steam
information problem developers
images and video of your game and search the
community support so that the game is
accepted for distribution then summarizing
extinguish light is a developer going
publish information information and rigidity
your product and the community will help
this game to be accepted on steam for
and to a developer of
game or software to try to make your
product enters the steam for distribution
first he must be accessing
This link here click here and send your
product you must have an account with
American extinct there sent your product
come to this page here to play there
yea
later it gave rise to the printed grandchild
page here and here again best light
basic information screenshot videos and
confirmation
Then he charges to send his game.
software for gwen light then yes all
income of that rate minus taxes will be
donated directly to child's play which is
a charity dedicated to
improve the lives of children by more than
70 hospitals worldwide so who
send your product here to distinguish
light he pays for that he is
helping to improve the lives of children and
more than 70 hospitals worldwide
so will you click here on pay now
the steam snake
one hundred and sixty nine reais and ninety
and nine cents that is reinforcing here
that this value will be to help the
children in more than 70 hospitals in the
world will click here in cart and
here to buy as gift you can
Buying by sending a friend who
involves some game or buy for my
account
after confirming the purchase will fill the
basic information that is information
about the game or about the software will
send screenshot but images and videos
who will confirm that the game will be
in peace tim light and with the help of
community
the game will be launching in the defunct
so this is it people this is all
necessary process for a game to play a
throw in the steam
so it's not enough just to be a developer
need to pay needs to have information
accurate and accurate images and videos
the community accept the product
so this is it people, if you like
video left the favorite team and
I see three more cases than the channel you
can write on the channel and I'm staying
This way, he said okay, until
i